Chen Fan
We are all classmates
Don't lie to me.
I'm still looking for you to act, right?
There is an element of acting
But
I love heroes.
You like him?
I have liked it since I was in school
Still our school beauty
I don't know how many boys stood up for him at that time
Even now
He is still charming
It's just that Iqiu only has you in her heart
We were all blocked by him.
This time he asked me to act
But I think so
This is an opportunity
actually
It doesn't matter who you ask to marry again
As long as that person's character passes the test
Just be nice to him.
If he promises me
I will love her for the rest of my life
Some things can't just be said with your mouth
Lin Feng, what's wrong with you, Lin Feng, don't scare me
Ningbo, hold on.
I'll take you to the hospital right away, friend.
You're awake
That's great.
Sorry.
I was just solemn
What do you mean?
Ah, I see.
You are my character, right?
If not
I don't trust you with the hero
Are you crazy?
Do you know
Just scared me to pee
Before my villain
But I'm curious
Why don't you call a ball?
He's pregnant with a baby.
I didn't want him to worry anymore.
It just hurts
brother
overnight
I'll leave it to you.